Possibility to use -u (user) option in docker exec (#203)
offen/docker-volume-backup: README.md

The backup procedure is guaranteed to wait for all `pre` or `post` commands to finish before proceeding.
However there are no guarantees about the order in which they are run, which could also happen concurrently.

> By defould backup happens by root user. It is possible to specify a custom user in container labels with the format `docker-volume-backup.[step]-[pre|post]-[user]`. The option will allow you to run a specific step command by specified user. Make sure the user exists and present in `passwd` inside the target container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the backup command is executed by the root user. It is possible to specify a custom user in container labels with the format `docker-volume-backup.[step]-[pre|post]-[user]`. The option will allow you to run a specific step command by specified user. Make sure the user exists and present in `passwd` inside the target container.
```
